[Music]
video sponsored by audible get a 30 day
free trial one audio [__] to audible
regimes in the links below
[Music]
whether it be failed mascots franchises
or weird exclusives this is for foregut
and OG xbox games and one bonus segment
vol 2 it's just jam time unbearable a
Toys R Us exclusive that's a mark of
quality so this is sneakers in Japan
it's called Nez mix have a nice day cuz
you had a nice day it's a fake rat don't
worry I rather you have called this game
Stuart little reason to live heroes come
in all sizes 3 inches tall ain't so
small yeah you wish I don't wish that I
have a humiliation fetish you'd expect
this to be another 3d platformer from
the era but no it's more like a
hide-and-seek game where somebody stole
sneakers his stash of cheese and some
[__] is gonna pay the visuals
are in 3d but you walk along a 2d trail
with some branching paths you walk until
you spot another Mouse you must stop in
your tracks
aim the crosshairs and click starring
Adam Sandler the mouse gets so ashamed
of being in this game that it evaporates
itself into nothing but moisture and
shame which describes my corroding
bedsheets and that's all you do
point-and-click at rats well that's one
rat down how many are there left in this
level 29
oh and you see that timer giving you
about 20 minutes to beat the stage don't
worry it doesn't take 20 minutes to beat
the level because each rat you find adds
more time to the clock it really takes
about 40 minutes
it's so boring and surprisingly
convoluted the invisible track you're
forced to walk on just keeps adding more
and more branches to get lost through
the map tells you nothing beyond what
room you're in and the worst is
sometimes there's paths that cross yet
do not act as a fork in the road like
this section where you run up this
massive shelf to eventually find a rat
at the top and oh god there's like a lag
between the controller and
I swear so you walk back to the climate
both side of the shelf which is here
shouldn't there be a fork in the road
here next to the shelf how do I climb
back up
well the hallway is laid out like a
racetrack you have to walk all the way
around to this area
why were they drunk with mapping this
out what were they drinking heineken
maybe it was rolling rock this game is
so boring and so clunky like I can
barely play beyond 1 hour to get footage
well there is actually more to do at
times you can get into a hardcore
beat-em-up section that rivals any
platinum game awesome you can punch
block and spin attack which is so
powerful that it makes all other
abilities useless wait what is this it's
a sort of squad based commands thing you
can only tell your comrades to attack a
specific guy it's pretty useless for
this mindless brawler section sneakers
is such a repetitive game every
character is just a rat in different
clothing much like real life even during
the boss battles I can't tell who's a
minion and who's the boss in this boss
battle is this the boss or was Tony
Danza the boss I never watched that show
so I really don't know by the way I love
how this gang of mice has this one
gangster rat and Android 17 oh I meant
to Android 18 if you ever struggle
remembering which is which just remember
you always want your girls to be 18
I will admit the fur of X on the rats
are pretty nice for the time and the
music is just so chipper like this is
one of the most feel-good soundtracks
I've ever heard
[Music]
it really deserves to be in a better
game the company in fact has made better
I expected them to be a no-name studio
but sneakers was developed by media
vision known for the Wild Arms franchise
did you want cyber sleuth and a few
Valkyrie Chronicle games I find it so
sad that Microsoft themselves published
this what sort of quality control do
they have like geez maybe this was an
act of desperation like they needed some
games for kids and this will do it's
just so boring I have zero need to play
beyond the second level hold on that
stage intro music is a ripoff of mario
3's level select music that's the same
song and also the tagline small heroes
big adventures that's M Taro's tagline
little hamsters big adventures yeah I'd
rather be watching that than plain
sneakers let's move on to the next game
play me out Emily yeah I guess so Christ
[Music]
from many of the same designers and
directors behind hell-blade and other
ninja theory games comes these
horrendous designs in their first game
good god did they forget to tell these
characters to evacuate Chernobyl they're
like a hellish mixture of the Garbage
Pail Kids and the chop-socky chucks
you and I just got five stop finish so
let's party like it's 1979 and limbo the
belly is the brain and the brain is the
belly you stupid and fat it's one thing
to materialize these Kung Fu fetuses on
screen but even at the time reviewers
felt kung fu chaos looked a little maybe
racist I don't know I'm not Asian so I
can't be the judge of that
when I can't be the judge of is the
gameplay it's a four-player a rigging a
brawler like Power Stone what's that
it's like Smash Brothers but in 3d okay
oh the fights take place on a film set
full of fighters or actors inspired by
kung fu films blaxploitation and
luchador movies
it's such a fun premise for a fighting
game
[Music]
disgust II met the luchador only a
mother and Jorge Gutierrez could love
multiplayer is the main attraction but
the single-player has a ton of variety
you got the standard free-for-all on top
of several mini-games
this is one of the earliest games I can
think of that rates your performance on
a 5 star ranking my greatness must be
rubbing off on you so keep up the good
rubbing don't know why but it certainly
makes me want to shoot for a higher
score unlike the typical ABC s rank type
of system is that just me the single
player is also great at teaching you the
surprisingly robust fighting system here
taunting is a required skill to earn you
special attacks although near the end
the difficulty randomly spikes up as
enemies block almost everything by this
point you got to remember combos parry
mechanics taunts and what each enemy's
weakness is though I kind of forgot
their weakness and could barely beat the
game that's mostly my fault but I will
not take the fault of some of these
stage hazards there's a little too much
chaos in the city stage it's just kind
of a mess of cheap deaths fYI this stage
is called revengeance day could this be
the first recording of the word
revengeance predating Metal Gear
revengeance I checked Google Trends so
possibly though there were about a
hundred searches for the word sometime
in 2004 in Ohio who and why did someone
or some group in Ohio search for that
word
[Music]
within the game's movie said your
actions are narrated by a fictional
director Xiao ting oh I don't know if
this game is racist or not but that pun
offends me terrible just terrible you
have offended my family and you have
offended a Shaolin Temple Xiao ting is a
kung-fu director so awful the Wu Tang
wouldn't sample him a director so awful
Quentin Tarantino would stream his
movies on an iPhone while Xiao ting is
another eyesore the environments are
pretty scenic plus the Edit detail the
matte painting safety mattresses for
stuntmen camera operators and wire foo
are great touches the game as well as
the colorful instructional manual
relishes in its theme and depending what
character you play as shouting refers to
them specifically in the menu like when
I play as candy roll aka Angelica
pickles from Rugrats all turnt up I
wonder why you pick candy
you dirty god no okay so what happens if
I play a sweet on sour a 16 year old
actress according to her bio sweet an
you good next time oh hey they made
ending cinematics for each character
nowadays most games would rather spend
that animation money on character
introduction trailers on YouTube this
get a T rating the ESRB did not give a
[__] back then while the game made gross
you out it's still a pretty good
somewhat deep party brawler it's
certainly no button masher yet I'm
noticing a bit of a pattern with video
game mascots at least for the american
marketing in the 80s he got fun
wholesome characters early 90s he still
got that friendly look with a bit more
attitude mid nineties they were kind of
pushing that attitude I remember my mom
hating Crash Bandicoot meanwhile the two
thousands went full-on sleep paralysis
visions of humanoid scrotums or total
edge lords but there is a reason for
that that I'll get into soon
it's pretty tragic kung-fu chaos was
forgotten when it was ninja theories
first game back when the company was
called just add monsters with a 3,000
pound investment just add monsters was
founded by three people in the year 2000
they had no money equipment or an office
beyond a spare bedroom still they were
treating their indie brawler game
according to guru Larry the youtuber
whose in the comments section of every
video this was originally going to be
themed around nineties anime but kung-fu
movies were chosen
thus kung-fu chaos they were looking for
investments but could only find bigger
companies that wanted to buy them out so
they sold themselves to Argonaut games
now their staff went from 3 to 20 sure
they were owned by Argonaut but they
operated independently in a small office
in Cambridge with the tech they bought
they sold a demo of kung-fu chaos to
Microsoft who agreed to publish the game
Microsoft was very supported during
development helping them with technical
issues but as the game released there
was no marketing chaos just plopped out
didn't sell well while Xbox spent the
marketing money on a different game
I never make movies again but before
kung fu chaos even released just add
monsters were already working on a
spiritual sequel because the chaos IP
was owned by Microsoft they couldn't
pitch they sequel to any other
publishers so they pulled a mighty
number 9 and created kung fu story
featuring a whole different art style
since the company admitted during
development it was clear that some
players didn't take to the cartoon style
yeah no [__]
it looked better but it was futile the
market was changing budgets were getting
bigger and realism was selling better
instead Microsoft would greenlit more
realistic games like the beloved and
well remembered classic brute force the
[__] is that adapt or die so in just
four months of tweaking kung-fu story
evolved into a more realistic game
titled heavenly sword while just add
monsters became ninja theory this is why
all these mascots wanted to appear more
edgy an adult to attract the gaming
demographic that was growing up but it
didn't matter the following generation
ps3 and 360 generic realistic humans
became the standard as mascots were kind
of labeled as kitty and for Nintendo
people if your maturity is dependent on
the insecurities of the entertainment
you consume you probably weren't all
that mature to begin with something
being appropriate for kids doesn't mean
it's only for kids
but I feel we're bouncing back you see
some of the most popular games out there
as I make this video
overwatch fortnight legal legends people
are starting to accept more stylization
again and meanwhile ninja Theory's
trying their hands again with another
multiplayer brawler leading edge I
really hope that game includes some sort
of Nod kung-fu chaos I'll put a link in
the description but if you're interested
in game design ninja theories founders
have uploaded some detailed design
documents and the history of their
unreleased kung-fu story while also
stating to this day if we could work on
a sequel or remake we would in a
heartbeat
[Music]
we'll be back with more Xbox games after
these messages
but first this video is sponsored by
audible reading books that takes forever
you can't play video games while doing
that
that's why I prefer audiobooks we're in
the future now it's a new decade you got
to read and play video games if you want
to survive this dystopia use the links
below to go to audible.com slash rebel
taxi or text to rebel taxi to 500 500
you'll get a 30 day free trial along
with your choice of an audiobook and two
audible originals absolutely free you
know what they got on here like a lot
it's like a budgetary there would be
kids books and autobiographies like of
this guy what's this deal huh huh it's
pretty interesting but what if let's say
you didn't like the book or the audio
file of the book you bought happens to
be haunted and you're afraid no one will
believe you let's just exchange it no
questions asked again use the links
below to go to audible.com slash rubble
taxi or text rebel taxi the 500 500
you'll get a 30 day free trial along
with your choice of an audiobook and two
audible original is absolutely free it's
audible calm in the future
[Music]
the new nations turned to the sky
mustering an amid the barrel of Congress
and within the sky piracy this is
this is
disguise
when you get to the ground tell them
Nathan Zachary sent you I am a proud
trophy husband my love for Star Fox 64
is dead crimson skies high road to
revenge is my new lover this called
classic flies over a dieselpunk
alternate history where I assume the
Hindenburg never trip loaded and air
travel is the norm don't know about you
all but I no longer live in Texas I live
in the Republic of Texas for America has
split up into factions as sky pirates
and sleep dog fight for supremacy now
every day is a hidden bird type of day
yes crimson is one big tribute to the
adventure cereal films of the 40s I
cannot name a single one of those films
specifically but I can name other stuff
also inspired by that Indiana Jones The
Rocketeer and sky captain in the World
of Tomorrow
it's that kind of game both in style and
music just give a listen to the
orchestra
[Music]
the music's fantastic amping up the
action and making my inability to aim
all the more stress inducing further
reducing my self-esteem is the pulpy
Action Hero you play as Nathan Zachary
the ultimate Gary Hsu ladies man / sky
pirate / Robin Hood figures / Jimmy
Neutron looking ass CG model well I
trust I was a gentleman now if you'll
excuse me I have a plane to catch
ah good old power fantasy where you
don't have to think about STDs and
genitals just rot away for some reason
off-screen Nathan's part of the fortune
hunter is a morally ambiguous group of
pirates that are described as heroes
that aren't too good to be true
they'll take up any job that offers
money but they do have some standards
even they wouldn't take money from an
exploited mobile app sponsor but I would
their big enemy after all is this
Zeppelin flying group of oppressors who
have a red black and white logo which is
not based off any real-life groups that
would cause the game to be censored in
Germany as long as I've known you you've
been nothing but a boozer a brawler and
a womanizing cheat it's why we got along
but ad fascist to the list well I have
no respect for fascists so his name's
Nathan who's a treasure hunter and has
that faced with a stoic yet sarcastic
none of this matters attitude inspired
by the likes of Indiana Jones
[Music]
pequeas flair for what is basically an
arcade air shooter like Rogue Squadron
or starfox except those games don't have
you accepting missions in an open
sandbox map like crimson skies it's a
great addition to the genre my favorite
map is Chicago located in the industrial
stinks of america faction it is without
a doubt of the best representation of
gotham city from a non batman or DC game
the best part of exploring is you unlock
more aircrafts and can use any of them
on most of the missions each crack feels
noticeably different with their own
stats in arsenal
Oh what it's a shotgun airplane that is
great your secondary weapon is usually a
homing missile which doesn't really home
in on anything - well it kind of leans
into the enemy and just gives up after
that completely missing thanks for
nothing
also hovering around the map is your
Zeppelin home base which allows you to
control its turrets there's a lot of
turret sections in the game but most of
them are thankfully optional those
turrets are there should you want a
little more firepower at the cost of
mobility although with the button
placement it's very easy to accidentally
exit out of the turrets when you intend
to switch guns this can cancel a whole
mission all because you pushed the wrong
face button I'd call it a suicide button
but after pushing it I'm still alive to
see the issues plaguing me what a [__]
the other big issue is the game can feel
monotonous a few stages seem to drag on
forever with maybe a few too many fetch
quests or swarms to kill he's running
out of planes
these guys are named the Red Skull no
relation it's just a never-ending swarm
of them these guys really want to kill
Nathan any Asha wits away but loose some
more auto aim could have been useful at
least for the lower difficulty settings
to pile on the problems I found a few
glitches I think somehow in the lost
kingdom stage i softlocked the game
twice and had to do multiple missions
over again the save points are kind of
weird - I think you had to do multiple
missions before it saves it's not clear
and I wish there was a level select this
is annoying but mostly forgivable after
all crimson skies high road to revenge
is truly one of the best Xbox originals
it's based off a tabletop game that also
got a PC game which is much more
simulator focused
there were also collectible toys made
and a novelization Microsoft really one
of this game to be a hit but their big
mistake was assuming anyone who owns an
Xbox can read a novel all the way
through
there's been hints at a sequel for years
but the game company fascist Studios
shut down after their next game
Shadowrun bombed but thanks to Microsoft
high road to revenge is compatible with
all future Xbox consoles you can still
download it for Xbox one and Series X
although the free DLC is missing back in
the day you could download new maps and
planes from multiplayer which online
dogfights were a major selling point
yeah the online has been shut down but
at least give out the DLC for local
multiplayer and preservation sake as of
now all I can find is this one YouTube
video that documents the DLC here they
show the downloadable firebrand plane
flying in the plateau map the vampire
plane and the Badlands the booty has
been blocked and the Furies in the
cavern on top of that Microsoft also
gave out an official crimson skies
Windows Media Player skin that is also
lost oh man we gotta bring back Winamp
skins I miss every single movie and
video game giving these out as promotion
these were music players with free
cosmetics bring those back but also
bring back crimson sky is its cinematic
Flair with pseudo open world online
arcade action might really appeal to a
lot of people it has such expansive lore
that could give way for so many unique
battlefields and aircrafts maybe one day
arcade air shooters like Rogue Squadron
will make a comeback call it sacrilege
but I wouldn't mind if Crimson Skies
included some on-foot missions like I
could see this cutscene being an
uncharted type of level but then again
maybe keep it in the air
[Music]
hi it's me pan pizza the narrator of
this video while we're on the topic of
Xbox I thought I should include this
short semi lost video I made about a
gaming TV show that aired during the era
this is semi lost because it's only
viewable in the one hundredth podcast
video but I thought it'd be more
accessible here since nobody watches my
podcasts don't worry there's more Xbox
games after this short segment my name
is Brandon I'm 27 years old and I'm a
fanatic when it comes to call of duty he
dreams about that game he lives that
game he loves that game only he's you
know a little guy so he couldn't really
do that while in the army but through
the game he's the man Spike TV please
pick me to be the ultimate gamer for
Call of Duty 2 because I am the best
alright I'm outside of Brandon's house
about to give him the surprise attack of
his life when I tell him is the ultimate
gamer for Call of Duty 2 come on
consider the idea of pimp my ride for
gamers its Spike TV's the ultimate gamer
hosted by someone who wishes he was
exhibit this guy goes by the name of
striker but what's his real name really
at least pick a good Mortal Kombat
character to steal the name of in every
episode striker surprises one random
gamer by coming in to his house that was
conveniently already filming him for
some reason instead of pimping cars this
show pimps their living room but not
before they thrash the place
[Music]
[Applause]
to atone for his vandalism striker
summons his crew to fix up the place
with all the hottest tech from 2004 look
at that TV imagine watching The Matrix
Reloaded on DVD with that mm-hmm while
the pimping ritual commences striker
whisked the lucky gamer to a studio
developing an upcoming game each episode
is themed around one games just halo
Madden or Tony Hawk this is the best
part having behind the scenes info of
their development but this show has
barely any time to cover anything from
these groundbreaking games as they move
on to the challenge portion to receive
more prizes the gamer must learn to
skate with Tony Hawk or race the closest
thing they have to the warthog from halo
I normally would not care about all that
and just want the behind-the-scenes
stuff but the ultimate gamer is charming
and how corny it is it tries so hard to
be cool that it almost comes off as a
parody but seeing the gamers reactions
to the experience makes me kind of
excited by Carey Slee one guy even cried
for joy at her beam on the episode
themed around Madden that's kind of
endearing I'd cry too if my favorite
game was Madden it is the very first by
the end their living room is all sorts
of decked out my favorite room was from
the Tony Hawk American wasteland episode
but I distinctly remember this scene
where they show all the games the guy
won but he was vocally disappointed with
how little he got other episodes had the
gamer did tons of games but all this guy
gets is that from that blur I can just
make out a copy of shark tail the video
game that's not a prize that's a curse
this is awesome you're selected you're
the ultimate game
[Music]
[Applause]
the ultimate gamer may spread itself too
thin with doing so much in so little
time but I don't care about interior
decorating so it's paced fast enough
except for the game development part I
want more of that though I am curious if
anyone watching this video maybe
appeared on the show wasn't as fun as
they made it seem after hearing so many
horror stories on pimp my ride I don't
know who to trust anymore as a kid I
really wanted to be on this show I
remember videotaping myself dressed in a
banana costume and holding up all my
Donkey Kong games while talking about
them I was really hoping there'd be an
episode on a new Donkey Kong game I'm
not making this up I didn't know where
to send the tape so hopefully that tape
is lost forever in a closet thankfully
YouTube was not a thing back then this
is rich he's the ultimate game for Evan
rising I'm striker
he's gonna keep on playing and I will
see you next time on the ultimate gamer
later we'll be back with more Xbox games
after these messages
[Music]
you
two children
[Music]
you meet your death here
fight the forbidden Xbox game Cocteau
Cho Jian back-alley brutal a fighting
game that upon release was quickly
banned while all info about it from
Microsoft's website and promotional
material was erased
to this day Microsoft has never
acknowledged the game or made it
backwards compatible on anything they
simply pretend it doesn't exist then
again they don't talk about anything
from this era outside halo so I guess
that standard but what's the controversy
about this 3d fighter trying to compete
with DOA into con fighting games well
look no further than the poster boy
slash Muay Thai fighter Asad Muslim
character whose theme song contains
verses from the Quran read out loud
leave if you don't want to get hurt from
what I understand the prayer chants are
fine problem is some Muslims feel you
should not play music while reciting
them and here it is being remixed into a
song am I am I allowed to play the audio
okay if you're Muslim just cover your
ears same for you agnostic so you don't
want to take any chances without the
music this is what the chants sound like
[Music]
Oh
[Laughter]
these may sound familiar as that exact
soundbite appeared in a few other games
including Zelda Ocarina Time which took
out the chance in later prints of the
game the chants were part of a stock
music CDs sound designers use if you
ever hear the exact same sound effect in
multiple movies games or shows from
different studios it likely came from an
archive of sounds anyone can use the
even youtubers thanks Kevin MacLeod
[Music]
these musicians probably heard these
religious chants and simply thought this
sounds cool I'll use it without knowing
the meaning before Cocteau cho jhin's
release microsoft was already warned by
their geopolitical analyst Kate Edwards
about the chance they even showed the
song to an Arabic speaking Muslim
Microsoft employee who was greatly
offended by it but Microsoft gave it a
simple name no one's gonna notice people
noticed the Saudi Arabian government
made a formal protest while the game
made headline news wanting to avoid the
PR disaster Microsoft recalled the game
worldwide while all info has been
completely scrubbed from their websites
in a way I can't really blame Microsoft
for ignoring the warning there really
wasn't much controversy for the other
games that used it so I guess they
thought yeah it'll be fine I wonder why
this one game was the one to cause
issues then again those other games were
released in the 90s whereas Cocteau came
out in 2002 when America was in conflict
with the Middle East maybe that had
something to do with that
I don't know unsold copies of Cocteau
Jojen were recalled and supposedly
destroyed yet a new print was made with
the same song but new vocals
no idea what's being said but that
fast-talking is my jam so all that over
one song was the game worth it hey
according to critics at the time Cocteau
Jojen is a functional but bare-bones 3d
fighter compared to the competition it
supposedly didn't have much new to offer
beyond its four player battle royale
mode yet the way I see it this was a
half step into what fighting games would
later become even on extreme difficulty
it's still very easy like it wants to be
accessible to casuals now I'm not very
knowledgeable on fighter mechanics so I
read some old developer interviews and
consultant and expert and by expert I
met some youtuber whose icon features a
Cocteau character silver haired devil it
was a big help on this video providing
tons of info and feels the game was very
misunderstood many have compared this to
other fighters of the time like Dead or
Alive 3 which is full of different modes
and stage hazards taking full advantage
of its 3d space you know stuff that
Cocteau doesn't have it can feel empty
by comparison
while the arenas you battle in lack
stage hazards outside the occasional
pitfall this was to bring 3d fighters
back to basics
the developers dream publishing was an
ensemble team of designers and directors
that have worked on Tekken Tobel the
bouncer and Bushido blade this team
includes the Ichi ishi the designer of
the very first 3d fighter Virtua Fighter
they purposely designed chosen to be
simple with some twists here and there
everyone in the roster has two sets of
combos Chuck Doe means you can only
perform some of the basic moves and
Jojen which is all the more complex
moves you have to unlock each fighters
chosen moves after beating the arcade
mode once for that one fighter giving
the player a starter set of attacks
while you unlock more sounds like a good
way to introduce them fighting games
don't do that but other genres do it
could work well I managed to unlock
those combos so let's check out the
Jojen move set in the pause menu wait
Jojen moves our secret to find out about
the moves check out the Cocteau Trojan
strategy guide or go to www.hsn.com Wow
Wow is this a GoDaddy commercial that is
some pre dlc BS have you ever seen a
game directly tell you hey we can't help
you unless you buy the strategy guide or
go to this website that is no longer up
oh sweet a free calendar I checked the
internet way back the website is not
archived at all after the controversy
Microsoft hid the game away sure now you
can find the movesets online and he
walked through but back then you were
screwed this just reminds me of that one
horror movie The Devil Inside where the
film ends on a screen telling you to
visit a website to know what happens
next good thing is someone recorded a
theater reaction
[Applause]
yeah we all could a YouTubed it but look
this game had some promise it actually
has some interesting ideas like your
health bar you see a changing color red
means your special is fully charged so
the lower your health is the faster your
special refills with this you could
either do a reversal speed boost or just
super punch someone
Jesus odd you just Mike Tyson mystery
that guy off the roof no one else is
special can propel an opponent like that
god damn Mossad don't care if you're a
woman or a literal child meanwhile this
seventeen-year-old Jet Set Radio ripoff
character here has this for a special in
a deadly martial arts tournament Brook
and Kyle over here looks like he's about
to punch the drywall and look at their
attack stamps when you're not moving the
controller at all of his basic stance
takes up the entire arena it's almost
hypnotic the animators must have been
really proud of the fluidity
so what other fighters we got Brad
Pitt's a Juggalo live guy from Ace
Attorney a Manic Street Preachers fan Oh
a Bruce Lee ripoff of course when is
someone gonna make a Brandon Lee ripoff
and here's Batman
[Music]
even from my casual perspective each of
these fighters plays very differently
like I can dodge and weave effortlessly
using JT's stone no one else here can do
that ha going back to my expert silver
haired devil was useful and tell me more
about these mechanics he also informed
me the game features no canned reactions
which I believe means the AI is far more
unpredictable to your button inputs but
what's the storyline absolutely no one
asked well glad you didn't ask cuz I'm
gonna tell you anyway each of these
fighters have assembled for the fists of
fire tournament held annually on New
Year's Eve within the City of Drew cyka
I guess this means we'll be playing this
game every New Year's boys
there's not a single firecracker in this
whole game I'm mad
final boss I'm the one who set up the
tournament is diva a demon girl my
favorite
I just wanna yeah well let me ask you
the audience something profound about
the afterlife is heaven all that great
if you're not allowed to masturbates why
don't you want to be with the demon
girls down below to be honest I'd rather
avoid hell but it's better than nothing
[Music]
if you haven't noticed I have a bit of a
superficial obsession with this game not
for the gameplay but the aesthetic just
that dark mood it sets every stage takes
place in this neon gothic universe
giving me vibes of movies like Fight
Club The Crow The Matrix or dark city
this game in fact started as a tech demo
called project KX showing off the Xbox
is real-time lighting and bump mapping
Microsoft didn't even know what have a
game it'll be they just gave the demo to
dream publishing who turned it into a
fighting game and cranked up the
framerate from 30 to 60 fps it just
looks so slick and oily x2 this day the
game looks amazing the only graphical
issue here is their mouths don't move
and speaking when you start to match you
just have this ambience looming over you
it haunts the stage until someone lands
a hit without a block
and that's where the real tracks kick in
as the battle starts it's a great idea
that more fighters should rip off with
all the industrial techno here it makes
Cho Jin one of my favorite soundtracks
except maybe the lyrical song that sound
like death the kids theme song from Soul
Eater
[Music]
finally music that understands me it's
tough to start a new fighting game
franchise when the market is flooded
with sequels that have had years of
refinement
no one's first fighting game his regard
as the best in their series Cocteau
Trojans first and only game could only
do so much to compete it never got the
sequels worth of tweaks or updates to
prove itself but what it does have is
for players but there does seem to be
people that appreciate Cocteau's back to
basics approach people like Metacritic
user manu who gave it a perfect 10
stating Wow like Fight Club it'd be cool
if Microsoft at least made the edited
cut of Cocteau cho-jen
backwards-compatible you know maybe hype
this up as a mysterious piece of media
that was lost in time and finally
resurfaced it certainly carries a McCaw
of appearance that people will gush
about maybe someday
[Music]
game over
[Applause]
well III only play for the fighting I
appreciate the expansive attention
environments in the 16 characters but
the the pixel shading bump mapping and
the rich plot development seriously why
else what I play she kicks I rated T for
teen tell us the name of the futuristic
pizza place where Terry takes his
brother